Update contributing docs page (#715)
napari/docs: docs/developers/contributing/documentation/index.md

(contributing-docs)=
# Contributing Documentation

> This guide will teach you how to submit your contributions to napari's documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide will teach you how to contribute to napari's documentation.
```

> In general, contributing requires:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To begin contributing, you will need:
```

- Some familiarity with [`git`](https://git-scm.com).
- A [GitHub](https://github.com) account.

> There are two ways you can approach your contribution:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choose an approach to contributing:
```

1. [**Contributing without a local setup**](#contributing-to-the-napari-documentation-without-a-local-setup): This is a simpler approach that allows you
   to make small changes to the documentation without needing to set up a local
   environment. This approach is useful for quick edits or if you are not familiar
   with Git or the command line.
1. [**Contributing with a local setup**](#contributing-to-the-napari-documentation-with-a-local-setup): This is the recommended approach if you are
   making significant changes to the documentation, or if you want to preview your
   changes _before_ submitting them. This approach requires a local setup of the
   napari and docs repositories.

> ## Before you start

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Ask for guidance
```

> If you'd like to contribute a brand new document to our usage section, it might
> be worth [opening an issue](https://github.com/napari/docs/issues/new/choose)
> on our repository first to discuss the content you'd like to see and get some
> early feedback from the community. The napari team can also suggest what type of
> document would be best suited, and whether there are already existing documents
> that could be expanded to include the content you think is lacking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd like to contribute a brand new document to our usage section, it's
worth [opening an issue](https://github.com/napari/docs/issues/new/choose)
on our repository to discuss the content you'd like to see and get some
early feedback from the community. The napari team can also suggest what type of
document would be best suited, and whether there are already existing documents
that could be expanded to include your proposed content.
```

significantly faster on multi-core machines (under a minute), while `slimfast-live`
will open a browser preview and auto-rebuild any pages you edit. 
See [the `-live` builds note](live-builds).
````

> ````{dropdown} napari gallery of examples only

Reviewer 2: this one isn't strictly true, the docs will be built, just no notebook cells run. Not sure how best to communicate that.
Based on the first two, I I guess I suggest: 
```suggestion
````{dropdown} napari/docs and napari gallery of examples
```

```
These builds will build the documentation with the entire gallery. The [`-live`
variant](live-builds) will will open a browser preview and auto-rebuild any pages you edit.
````

> ````{dropdown} Single example in the gallery

Reviewer 2: Based on the logic above, but I dont love it.
```suggestion
````{dropdown} napari/docs and a single example in the gallery
```
